Nai(14-15/F) //My oc
Description:
  A cute little mage(?) girl with long white hair even longer than her height itself. She is a quiet shy little girl that carry her paint tool around. If you found her around,
  Leave her alone. She is not good at comuticate with stranger or want to stand out but her small body with artist cloth grap attention for people around her.
  Most of the time she just run away from people or sometimes she just use her magic to teleport away.

  There is strange thing about her. Because of she is stand out so much, Bandits is always try to get her but she always escape and bandits are just gone missing.
  No one know how she escape or what happened to those bandits and the only person who know is "him" who is she call master.

Story 1:
  [Somewhere in the city]
  "Good evening lady and gentlemen, Welcome to [REDACTED] slave blackmarket"
  A man in suit greeting everyone from the stage while crowd is claping for him.
  Once in a while there is a "special" night event on this market.
  Usually this is a ordinary market but when the sun is set, It turn in to a blackmarket that sell lots of illegal stuff.
  Of course slave is one of them.

  ...
  "So here is the next one..."
  Slave seller is selling his slave one by one. Most of them is really high cost.
  Untill...
  "Little white girl start at 2000C!"
  Everyone want her so much and the price is start to sky rocket.
  Why did this girl being a slave at this young?
  price is still going up and up and up...
  "5000C"
  "7000C"
  "11000C"
  "12000C"
  "12500C"
  But for some reason she seem different from others... somthing about her told me to take her.
  I'm not a child lover or anything but.
  "50000C!"
  I made up my mind, I will not let her be with someone bad hand.
  "Anyone higher than 50000C?"
  Everyone silent.
  "If there is no one is higher that him then she is your sir"
  Who would have thought someone set the price so high that even noble can't even want to gamble it.
  After that I bring her home.
  
  "What's your name?"
  ...
  No respond.
  "How old are you?"
  ...
  Still no respond.
  "Do you wanna eat something?"
  ...
  No mattter how much I tried to have a conversation with her. She never respond to me.

Story 2:
  
